NH-82532: update doc (#132)
solarwinds/apm-ruby: CONFIGURATION.md

ruby application.rb
```

### Instrumentation

You can use OpenTelemetry Ruby instrumentation environmental variable to disable certain instrumentation.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From [instrumentation-base](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-ruby-contrib/blob/opentelemetry-instrumentation-base/v0.22.3/instrumentation/base/lib/opentelemetry/instrumentation/base.rb#L56-L61):
```

> The instrumention class establishes a convention for disabling an instrumentation
> by environment variable and local configuration. An instrumentation disabled
> by environment variable will take precedence over local config. The
> convention for environment variable name is the library name, upcased with
> '::' replaced by underscores, OPENTELEMETRY shortened to OTEL_{LANG}, and '_ENABLED' appended.
> For example: OTEL_RUBY_INSTRUMENTATION_SINATRA_ENABLED = false.

> For example, if you want to disable sinatra, you can set `OTEL_RUBY_INSTRUMENTATION_SINATRA_ENABLED` to false through

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example to disable sinatra instrumentation, you can set `OTEL_RUBY_INSTRUMENTATION_SINATRA_ENABLED` to false through
```

```bash
export OTEL_RUBY_INSTRUMENTATION_SINATRA_ENABLED=false
```

or in your initialization step

```ruby
ENV['OTEL_RUBY_INSTRUMENTATION_SINATRA_ENABLED']='false'
```

> See more details in [instrumentation-base](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-ruby-contrib/blob/opentelemetry-instrumentation-base/v0.22.3/instrumentation/base/lib/opentelemetry/instrumentation/base.rb#L56-L61)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

For example to disable sinatra instrumentation, you can set `OTEL_RUBY_INSTRUMENTATION_SINATRA_ENABLED` to false through

```bash
export OTEL_RUBY_INSTRUMENTATION_SINATRA_ENABLED=false
```

or in your initialization step

```ruby
ENV['OTEL_RUBY_INSTRUMENTATION_SINATRA_ENABLED']='false'
```

Options setup through enviromental variables

> Checks to see if user pass any environment variable that set option for instrumentation.
> By convention, the environment variable will be the instrumentation name upper cased,
> with '::' replaced by underscores, OPENTELEMETRY shortened to OTEL_{LANG} and _CONFIG_OPTS appended.
> For example, the, environment variable name for OpenTelemetry::Instrumentation::Faraday
> will be OTEL_RUBY_INSTRUMENTATION_FARADAY_CONFIG_OPTS. A value of 'peer_service=new_service;'
> will overrides the option set from ::OpenTelemetry::SDK.configure do |c| ... end for faraday.
>
> For array option, simply separate the value by , (e.g. option=a,b,c,d).
> For boolean option, set value by true or false (e.g. option=true).
> For integer, string, enum, set value by string (e.g. option=string).
> Callable option is not allowed to set through environment variable.

> For example, if you want to set db_statement option to include for mysql2, you can set `OTEL_RUBY_INSTRUMENTATION_MYSQL2_CONFIG_OPTS` through

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to disable db.statement obfuscation in mysql2 instrumentation, set `OTEL_RUBY_INSTRUMENTATION_MYSQL2_CONFIG_OPTS` through
```

```bash

> export OTEL_RUBY_INSTRUMENTATION_SINATRA_ENABLED='db_statement=include;'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export OTEL_RUBY_INSTRUMENTATION_MYSQL2_CONFIG_OPTS='db_statement=include;'
```
